When you are traveling in this organization on your first arrival to your
new command, you are signing up for a G T. C C. It's a government
travel credit card. Um, that is how you traveled now going to different
trainings. I'm going to different schools. You use your government
travel card. Um, once it is opened, um, you sign off on it just
like a regular credit credit card. And when you're due to go to training
or travel, they open the your command. They will open it up, allowed
to use it for however long you're gone. When you come back from
travel, you turn in all your receipts, all your paperwork, and then
they turn the card off so that you can't use it for anything else.
One of the other things they use when you are traveling. In order
to use that government travel card, you have to sign a page 13 saying
that you would only use it for travel and food purposes, and then
you will not use it for anything else.